README.md, before:

# Map project Application - Udacity 6th Project
Simple page web app running AJAX requests, [Google Maps API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/), [Wikipedia API](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API:Main_page), ([Foursquare API](https://developer.foursquare.com/docs/) - in development)</br>
Javascript framework : [Knockout](http://knockoutjs.com/)</br>
Layout is handled via [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)

## For a live demo:
[Click here](https://mikaeljan.github.io/Neighborhood-Map-Project/). 

### Files and directories:
1. CSS directory - .css styles
2. JS directory - app.js and map.js javascript files
3. index.html

## Execution
After downloading the repo's contents, open index.html in any browser of your choice (Chrome recommended).

### Work In Progress
Using [Foursquare](https://developer.foursquare.com/docs/) for getting the places and providing additional information for infoWindows ALONG the [Wikipedia](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API:Main_page) information.

## To-Do
1. Add unique functionality beyond the minimum requirements (i.e. the ability to “favorite” a location, etc.).
2. Incorporate a build process allowing for production quality, minified code, to be delivered to the client.
3. Data persists when the app is closed and reopened, either through localStorage or an external database (e.g. Firebase).
4. Include additional third-party data sources beyond the minimum required.
5. Style different markers in different (and functionally-useful) ways, depending on the data set.
6. Implement additional optimizations that improve the performance and user experience of the filter functionality (keyboard shortcuts, autocomplete functionality, filtering of multiple fields, etc).
7. Integrate all application components into a cohesive and enjoyable user experience.
8. Completely restyle the so-far barebone map structure. Functionality needs to be
reviewed first before stylization.</br>
May set 1on1 for some guidance...

### GitHub repo's I looked through during production:
1. https://github.com/Garima5/Neighbourhood-project
2. https://github.com/KyosukeOH/My-navor-map-project-Udacity
3. https://github.com/renurevzranju/map
4. https://github.com/saranvoleti/Neighborhood-Map
5. https://github.com/iqbal125/Neighborhood_Map
6. https://github.com/Christianq010/Neighborhood-Map-Master


### Responsivness:
[Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
[Simple Sidebar](https://blackrockdigital.github.io/startbootstrap-simple-sidebar/)
#### Appreciated help and advices (although not directly to me):</br>
[Sarah_m](https://discussions.udacity.com/u/sarah_m) </br>
[Karol](https://discussions.udacity.com/u/Karol)

## Contact
For any questions please feel free to contact me:<br />
mikael.janek@gmail.com

Commit message:

Add found bug on wikipedia API

README.md, after:

# Map project Application - Udacity 6th Project
Simple page web app running AJAX requests, [Google Maps API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/), [Wikipedia API](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API:Main_page), ([Foursquare API](https://developer.foursquare.com/docs/) - in development)</br>
Javascript framework : [Knockout](http://knockoutjs.com/)</br>
Layout is handled via [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)

## For a live demo:
[Click here](https://mikaeljan.github.io/Neighborhood-Map-Project/). 
!! Demo does not process Wikipedia api requests - needs to be fixed !!

### Files and directories:
1. CSS directory - .css styles
2. JS directory - app.js and map.js javascript files
3. index.html

## Execution
After downloading the repo's contents, open index.html in any browser of your choice (Chrome recommended).

### Work In Progress
Using [Foursquare](https://developer.foursquare.com/docs/) for getting the places and providing additional information for infoWindows ALONG the [Wikipedia](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API:Main_page) information.

## To-Do
1. Add unique functionality beyond the minimum requirements (i.e. the ability to “favorite” a location, etc.).
2. Incorporate a build process allowing for production quality, minified code, to be delivered to the client.
3. Data persists when the app is closed and reopened, either through localStorage or an external database (e.g. Firebase).
4. Include additional third-party data sources beyond the minimum required.
5. Style different markers in different (and functionally-useful) ways, depending on the data set.
6. Implement additional optimizations that improve the performance and user experience of the filter functionality (keyboard shortcuts, autocomplete functionality, filtering of multiple fields, etc).
7. Integrate all application components into a cohesive and enjoyable user experience.
8. Completely restyle the so-far barebone map structure. Functionality needs to be
reviewed first before stylization.</br>
May set 1on1 for some guidance...

### GitHub repo's I looked through during production:
1. https://github.com/Garima5/Neighbourhood-project
2. https://github.com/KyosukeOH/My-navor-map-project-Udacity
3. https://github.com/renurevzranju/map
4. https://github.com/saranvoleti/Neighborhood-Map
5. https://github.com/iqbal125/Neighborhood_Map
6. https://github.com/Christianq010/Neighborhood-Map-Master


### Responsivness:
[Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
[Simple Sidebar](https://blackrockdigital.github.io/startbootstrap-simple-sidebar/)
#### Appreciated help and advices (although not directly to me):</br>
[Sarah_m](https://discussions.udacity.com/u/sarah_m) </br>
[Karol](https://discussions.udacity.com/u/Karol)

## Contact
For any questions please feel free to contact me:<br />
mikael.janek@gmail.com
